The systems in this game aren't necessarily connected.  I have a lot of information that can be bounced between classes.
	HOWEVER, something will often change in one class that changes the game entirely, and NOTHING KNOWS ABOUT IT.
	This can currently be seen in...

- Tiles changing objects (maybe create an update objectOnTile method inside Tile that has a collider.  It checks inside the collider to see what's in it.  This way,
	it doesn't matter what other classes tell it.  I knows what it owns by itself)

- Interacting and player death (when the player is in the middle of interacting and he/she dies, the state changes.  However, this doesn't prevent objects from being
	interacted with.  I can still push a block when I'm dead.  To fix this, I prevented movement between tiles for all objects if the player is dead (which might
	be a good thing).  Unfortunatley, there's no place that says: "Hey, if the player is dead, the rest of the program will refuse to run."  I have a bunch of
	small checks that asks, "Is the player alive?  Okay."  I need a clean master switch in the game (in the controller), which controls everything.  If the
	game shouldn't run anymore, then it needs to stop checking.

- The CURRENT BUG below is another example of this.  A pressure plate reactivating a deactivated gameObject 





CURRENT BUG:
* When a player is on a pressure plate, which deactivates an adjacent object.  That object will be considered walkable.  That's good!  But, when the player walks OFF
	the pressure plate, the player moves to that space and the object reappears.  This causes the player to walk into the middle of a wall, allowing them to pass
	through.  There are two things I can do: 1) prevent the player from moving onto the space (reactivate the gameobject first, THEN try moving the player).
	Or, 2) reactivate the gameObject when the player moves off the tile.  This could make for some interesting puzzles, but the concept might be confusing.

- NOTE: I'm considering adding a boolean to PlaceableObjects which checks if movement onto the tile should come BEFORE activating it.
	This could prevent problems in the future.